[Master Branch] CloudAccount model and API (#5749)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/user-guide/core-data-model/dcim/manufacturer.md

# Manufacturers

A manufacturer represents the "make" of a device; e.g. Cisco or Dell. Each device type must be assigned to a manufacturer. (Inventory items and platforms may also be associated with manufacturers.) Each manufacturer must have a unique name and may have a description assigned to it.

> !!!important
>     Manufacturers are recommended to be used as cloud providers associated with your [cloud accounts](../cloud/cloudaccount.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! tip
    Manufacturers are also the recommended way to represent cloud providers that your [cloud accounts](../cloud/cloudaccount.md) belong to.
```
